### WELCOME TO GLOBAL TRADE PAYMENT SERVICES
We hope you will find it useful. By accessing our servers, websites, or content therefrom (together, "GTPC"), you agree to these Terms of Use ("TOU"), last updated December 05, 2013.

### LICENSE. 
If you are 18 or older, we grant you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive, nonassignable, nonsublicensable license to access GTPC in compliance with the TOU; unlicensed access is unauthorized. You agree not to license, distribute, make derivative works, display, sell, or "frame" content from GTPC, excluding content you create and sharing with coworkers/business partners. You grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide, fully paid/sublicensable license to use, copy, perform, display, distribute, and make derivative works from content you post.

### USE. 
You agree not to use or provide software (except for general purpose web browsers and email clients, or software expressly licensed by us) or services that interact or interoperate with GTPC, e.g. for downloading, uploading, posting, flagging, emailing, search, or mobile use. Robots, spiders, scripts, scrapers, crawlers, etc. are prohibited, as are misleading, unsolicited, unlawful, and/or spam postings/email.

### MODERATION. 
You agree we may moderate GTPC access and use in our sole discretion, e.g. by blocking (e.g. IP addresses), filtering, deletion, delay, omission, verification, and/or access/account/license termination.  You agree (1) not to bypass said moderation, (2) we are not liable for moderating, not moderating, or representations as to moderating, and (3) nothing we say or do waives our right to moderate, or not. All site rules, e.g. cl.com/about/prohibited, are incorporated herein.

### FEES. 
You authorize us to charge your account for GTPC fees. Unless noted, fees are in US dollars; tax is additional. To the extent permitted by law, fees are nonrefundable, even for contracts we remove. We may refuse purchases, which may place a hold on your account. Fees are $70 per contract-escrow. You are responsible for any money transaction fees you may incur during escrow funding and releasing.

### DISCLAIMER. 
MANY JURISDICTIONS HAVE LAWS PROTECTING BUSINESSES AND OTHER CONTRACT PARTIES, LIMITING THEIR ABILITY TO WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. WE RESPECT SUCH LAWS; NOTHING HEREIN SHALL WAIVE RIGHTS OR RESPONSIBILITIES THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED.

To the extent permitted by law, (1) we make no promise as to GTPC, its completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, propriety, security or reliability; (2) your access and use are at your own risk, and GTPC is provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE"; (3) we are not liable for any harm resulting from (a) user content; (b) user conduct, e.g. illegal conduct; (c) your GTPC use; or (d) our representations; (4) WE AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES ("GTPC ENTITIES"), DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES & CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; (5) GTPC ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS (E.G. OF PROFIT, REVENUE, DATA, OR GOODWILL); (6) IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED $100 OR WHAT YOU PAID US IN THE PAST YEAR.

### CLAIMS. 
You agree (1) any claim, cause of action or dispute ("Claim") arising out of or related to the TOU or your GTPC use is governed by California ("CA") law regardless of your location or any conflict or choice of law principle; (2) Claims must be resolved exclusively by state or federal court in Los Angeles, CA (except we may seek injunctive remedy anywhere); (3) to submit to personal jurisdiction of said courts; (4) any Claim must be filed by 1 year after it arose or be forever barred; (5) not to bring or take part in a class action against GTPC Entities; (6) (except government agencies) to indemnify GTPC Entities for any damage, loss, and expense (e.g. legal fees) arising from claims related to your GTPC use; (7) you are liable for TOU breaches by affiliates (e.g. marketers) paid by you, directly or indirectly (e.g. through an affiliate network); and (8) to pay us for breaching or inducing others to breach the "USE" section, not as a penalty, but as a reasonable estimate of our damages (actual damages are often hard to calculate): $0.10 per server request, $1 per post, email, flag, or account created, and $1000 per software distribution, capped at $25,000 per day.

### MISC. 
Users complying with prior written licenses may access GTPC thereby until authorization is terminated. Otherwise, this is the exclusive and entire agreement between us. If a TOU term is unenforceable, other terms are unaffected. If TOU translations conflict with the English version, English controls. See Privacy Policy for how we collect, use and share data.